all right now nice little coffee moment
here for me what I'm going to make few
is my iced cafe latte cups it's so so
simple to do and we need a little bit of
fresh coffee oh that is good coffee now
slip my apron on there we go
in fact we're talking about a 100 ml of
coffee fresh coffee there so just pour
that in there like that it's always
worth having a a measuring jug and
making this and a measuring jug it makes
it so much easier that's it
it's some evaporated milk I've got some
here here we are can of evaporated milk
and you're also going to need some sugar
and we do need to add the sugar wow
that's lovely and hot so it dissolves
really quickly so you want four
tablespoons of brown caster sugar mm-hmm
and then we can put in our evaporated
milk so the whole can is going in
absolutely lovely election stream of
that gets that lovely froth going that
is so associated with those latte drinks
that you're going to have to get some
cream I know most of the time I'm using
double cream but on this occasion it's
single and just peel that back oh yeah
look at that lovely look at that lovely
and frothy hey hey and that's it you
could drink it like that in fact you
could have myself a nice coffee
milkshake but believe me chill them down
in that freezer for a couple of hours
and Wow
something very exciting happens now look
at these these are really nice aren't
they these little glass coffee cups here
quick impression for you Harry Potter
there you go it's always me there's the
rage at the moment it's the rage ah that
coffee sauce smells so good
great way of finishing these off if
you've got these hanging around some
nice coffee beans get about four or five
these and just pop them on the top look
at that can you see how they sit on the
top now what you do want to do those
before you start carrying it cuts your
freezers make sure there's a bit of a
space right now you know pop these in
here for a couple of hours until they're
nice and solid it might take a little
bit longer in your freezer but after
that you can just take them out cut them
in the refrigerator an hour before
you're ready to use them now the real
beauty of that is that of course it
gives you a bit of free time doesn't it
as my mother would say
enough time for you to go and see a man
about a dog